Pineapple Pastery

                          STEP 1
Bake the eggless sponge as per the recipe. You can divide the batter
 in half bake two sponges using sheet pans or bake one sponge in
  a circular or square tin (8x8),and cut in half as I  have done  for 
 the recipe.

                          STEP 2
Let the sponges cool completely before using or cutting.

                          STEP 3
Meanwhile, whip the cream and keep in the refrigerator. For this, we need
 a bowl and a whisk/egg beater. For the detailed process and tips to whip
  perfect heavy cream .Checkout link in Notes for how to whipped Cream for
   Frosting.

                           STEP 4
Or, you can also use store bought Cool Whip.

                          STEP 5
Trim the sides and cut the sponge in half.

                           STEP 6
With the help of a pastry brush/spoon/spray bottle, soak both halves in
 pineapple juice. Take care not to use too much of juice as the sponge
  may get too soggy. The cake should be moist.

                             STEP 7
If you are using canned pineapple for making pastries, drain the juice
 and reserve for soaking the sponge. Add some sugar syrup. Scroll below,
  for how to make pineapple juice.

                              STEP 8
 Take half of the whipped cream in a bowl, add the crushed pineapple
  pieces to it and fold gently.  

                              STEP 9   
 Spread the cream generously on one half of the sponge.Layer some
  pineapple chunks on top of the cream.   

                              STEP 10          
 Cover with another half.

                               STEP 11  
 Spread cream evenly on top and smoothen it,  with the help of a spatula.

                                STEP 12       
 Carefully cut the cake into desired pieces of pastry. Use a sharp knife.

                                  STEP 13              
 Decorate the individual pastry pieces with pineapple chunks and cherry/
  jam. I used jam here as my kids like jam more and also I ran out of
   cherries. You can also decorate it with strawberry or kiwi slices.                                                                                                                                            